Crypto Idea 1 Details for https://www.tradingview.com/u/AlanSantana/:
🅱️ Bitcoin Moving Forward | Astrology
SHORT
Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTCUSD) 64595.71 304.91 0.47%
AlanSantana
PREMIUM
Updated 
3 hours ago
BTCUSD
Bitcoin / U.S. Dollar
1D
CRYPTO
O
66440.10
H
67068.83
L
64812.02
C
65194.90
+304.91 (+0.47%)
4
USD
Trend Analysis Beyond Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Contains image
49
10
Apr 24
Tomorrow, 25-April, is a very important date astrologically speaking. Certain planetary movements are pointing toward the resumption of forward action.

What would this imply for Bitcoin?

➖ Bitcoin peaked 14-March and has been consolidating since.
➖ Bullish momentum has been going down.
➖ The current bias is bearish based on multiple bearish signals such as: high bearish volume, weak RSI and lower highs.

The stars have a powerful influence on human behaviour and this forward action magnetic energy can translate into the resumption or continuation of a bearish move that is already in the making.

This is a just a friendly reminder.

Keep an eye on the market because starting tomorrow (25-April-2024), everything can speed up.

Leave a comment with your questions.
Feel free to boost to show your support.

Namaste.
20 hours ago
Comment:
🅱️ Done With The Wait! | Guaranteed Success To Those Who Hold!

The next major support level and the one relevant for us, as we look at the charts on a daily basis, sits around $51,000 and $53,000; a range.

$57,000 can be caressed for a very short while but this isn't a relevant level, it shouldn't shine for too long. Lower is more likely and more possible; once the action starts it will go and it will go fast. It will go fast because Bitcoin has been consolidating this move for an entire month and ten days. That's forty days which in the Cryptocurrency market means an eternity, or a long time, because an eternity lasts forever and in this case we are done with the wait.

There is no longer need to wait we are done with it, the market is ready and the market is fed up. The market is saying, "let's move forward!" Straight forward let's move and it is ok if we go down short-term because long-term we are going up.

So, let it drop just a little bit but fast and strong, 40K consider this number but it can end up much lower once the entire move is over and done.

Imagine, if we are going to hit $250,000 in 2025... Why not give a chance to all those new players waiting for lower prices to join the ride?

Buy low and sell high.
Once you have your tokens, your Altcoins, your coins, your Bitcoins be sure to be patient to wait and hold.

It doesn't matter what happens; charts don't lie; numbers can't lie; Bitcoin has been growing since day one!

The short-term is irrelevant; no matter how far down it goes, we hold, we wait and buy more at support. The rise will be nice and high with life changing profits as the result.

Short-term can be messy; long-term success, winning, profits and wealth are guaranteed to those who hold.

Namaste.
6 hours ago
Comment:
🅱️ Bitcoin Daily — Update

Here we have a major conjunction of bearish signals.
This is Bitcoin (BTCUSD) on the daily timeframe:

➖ Notice first the "strong lower high" 22-April, now confirmed based on current price action. We have a lower high 8-Apr vs March and now a very strong one as the decline starts to gain speed.

➖ Notice how there is a small bounce once EMA50 is taken out as support. This bounce is the confirmed 22-April lower high and now Bitcoin is trading back below EMA50 on a daily basis. This break and confirmation of EMA50 as support after a lower high indicates that the next move will be down. This down move is expected to hit lower than the 19-April low ($59,650) based on the fact that a lower high will lead to a lower low. This will send Bitcoin rushing down toward ~50K within hours once the continuation is confirmed.

Namaste.
4 hours ago
Comment:
Today, Mercury end its retrograde period and stations direct in Aries.
There is still the post-shadow phase which ends 13th of May (when Mercury will enter Taurus —money/finance).

Each time Mercury goes retrograde, three times per year —for about three weeks, there is a noticeable effect on Bitcoin's price.

Remember, the stars incline not compel.

Mercury and other planets surely have an effect on our reality, our life system (biology) and behaviors. Mercury is the planet of communication.

What effect exactly this has on the market and how this is interpreted by an analyst can be two strongly different themes. Our interpretations can be wrong but the fact that Bitcoin reacts when Mercury moves is no secret... Moving forward means we are back to where we were at before the retrograde start.

The chart confirms my previous assumption and conclusion about this planetary event.

It is not something that we can use in isolation, but an additional tool/signal that we can use and consider for more options to increase our trading success. Sometimes we just need one small clue to push the scale toward one end. In this case, the end of the retrograde marks the end of the consolidation (distribution) phase ... And Bitcoin decides to move lower...

Namaste.
4 hours ago
Comment:
Without much expertise needed, the visible range volume profile indicator clearly shows where Bitcoin is likely headed... It shows the direction and where the money is; the indicator not me (see chart —maybe to boost/comment for more!)

3 hours ago
Comment:
🅱️ Astrology Can Save Your Trading Day!

Let me tell you a story of how just knowing a little bit of Astrology can save your trading day.

Back in late 2022 the market was really down, it was the bear market bottom.

While I was already aware of a potential reversal coming in on November 2022, the market sentiment was still pretty low and it is hard to come-out and say that things will change based on reversal signals when everything is so doom and gloom, this is the truth; but the charts don't lie.

The reversal signals were there and coming from all around us, but the market was still at its most bearish since 2018; aka., the bottom.

Jupiter is one of the biggest planets in the solar system. In astrology it is known as the greater benefic because it brings growth, profits, expansion and good luck. It brings money (if it is well aspected).

Now, you don't need to know Astrology, only looking up what these and other planets are doing can tip the scale to one side. In this case it was to the bulls favor.

Back then Jupiter was retrograde and it ended its retrograde around 21 November 2022. I am not sure right now as to the exact event, planetary movement or aspect that was going on with Jupiter at the time, but knowing that Jupiter is the giver of gift, profits, wealth and good luck, I added two plus two and concluded that we had all the chart signals in place for a reversal and this astrological event would support what I saw coming from the chart.

Long story short, Bitcoin marked the bottom the same day Jupiter moved and that's how Astrology can help even if just one bit ... It cannot be used in isolation as with any other signal, it needs to be combined with other signals for it to valuable for reading charts.

Then again January 2022, Mars the action planet was retrograde and Bitcoin was consolidating, not going up... On the 12th of March Mars went direct and Bitcoin broke up. Again, at this point we were extremely bullish on the chart, tracking the planets helped me clear any and all doubts that everything was about to go up— this is early 2023. All planets in the solar systems started to move forward at the same time and look what happened... Everything turned out so great that people belief now that it is impossible for Bitcoin to drop.

It is ok. Bitcoin is here to stay.

Bitcoin is going up and growing up, long-term. But short-term, prepare for the crash ... And remember, knowledge of the planets can save your trading day.

Namaste.
🔝 100,000+ Altcoins & Bitcoin Charts!
t.me/alansantana1111

🚨 Free PREMIUM Trade-Numbers
alansantanatrades.com

➖ If you now enjoy the content, please consider support below...
👉 lamatrades.com (Since 2017)
Twitter
Website
--------------------------------------------------
